
## Directory Details

#### `lib/`

- **components/**
Stores reusable components. Component data originates from components and component sets in the design.

- **custom_widgets/**
Store the more complex node codes in the design page, extract the more complex nodes as separate widgets, avoid a large amount of code piling up in the page, and increase code readability.

- **utils/**
Stores utility classes and screen adaptation classes generated by Pixso.

- **variables/**
Stores all variable information, allowing you to retrieve layer application variable values ​​and update layer variable set modes.

#### `assets/`
Stores static assets (such as images and fonts).

### `README-en.md`
Project documentation, introducing the directory structure and code structure.

---

## Code Description
1. The code follows the component + instance principle. During generation, layers are identified as instances and referenced to related components, achieving code simplicity and improving usability.

2. In the generated code, you may encounter properties that are variables, such as `VariablesManager().getString("xxx")`. Variable rules can refer to the design draft rules.

3. During the design draft conversion process, if you encounter complex vector layers or complex layer representations, such as images using cropping mode, we will convert the layer to an image.

4. We support complex prototype interactions, such as page jumps, click events, and scroll direction support. Support for other prototype interactions is in the works.

5. If you encounter compilation errors in the generated code, please contact product customer service, and we will provide a remote solution.
